leveled flattened destroyed residential
areas throughout hunus turned to dust
and
trle the effect of a Relentless air
strike campaigned by Israeli forces on
the second largest city in the south of
the PED Gaza
Strip civilians walk among the
devastation bewildered and burbled by
the new reality that surrounds
them this situation is no better for
Palestinians seeking Refuge further
south in Rafa 850,000 people cramed
tightly together in makeshift shelters
and Tents the UN says 100,000 more have
arrived in the city in the past few
days Health experts are alarmed by the
influx warning the spread of diseases is
likely to increase with children being
most at
risk and in Gonza City the biggest in
the strip and a commercial and
entertainment hop has suffered
destruction from which may never recover
since Israel's campaign began on October
the 7th nearly 85% of gaza's 2.3 million
residents have been
displaced Israeli air strikes have
intensified acrus the Gaza Strip with
many residential houses and areas inhan
Yunis decimated this comes as the
Israeli forces are banding the military
operations where Palestinians have been
repeatedly told to go to the South
seeking safety but areas there have been
hit making the idea of safe Haven's
false concept for civilians in the
besieged strip tar kzum Al jazer Rafa
Southern Gaza